april carte: I have a terrible cold.
Richelle Direny: Just a cold, it's just a regular cold.
april carte: Yeah, we've been to the doctor, I think you remember last week I told you my baby was sick. Yeah.
april carte: Now we all have
april carte: My
Richelle Direny: One day care.
april carte: Know who. No, no, no, no, um, I think it was because my cousin had a birthday party.
april carte: For her three year old. A couple weeks ago.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
april carte: And I think my baby caught it from there. Because he's too.
april carte: I think he caught it from one of the kids there. You know how they are in there, that little
april carte: And they
april carte: Got it. And now we have
Richelle Direny: Well, that's the beauty of having little ones, they get sick, you get sick.
april carte: And we, and it's a good sign. It's almost like it's worse.
Richelle Direny: Alright so today we're meeting. Thank you so much.
Richelle Direny: Thank you for coming.
april carte: Oh,
april carte: What's our appointment right agreed on it. Right.
Richelle Direny: Um, it was so busy. I forgot to send them at, oh, you know, I need to go into the system and update your
april carte: My phone number. Yeah, last week at the meeting. We kept trying to do it. And I guess we you know we got sidetracked.
Richelle Direny: On it, or needs to do it because
Richelle Direny: I first started to send you a message. And then I was like oh crap. She did tell me
april carte: That I did. Don't kick my dog go in there and
april carte: I'm on the phone, please go in there with
april carte: Your private phone
april carte: Sorry, that's my nice
Richelle Direny: So your number is not the 216. Is it the 216 to 908001
april carte: That is my phone number.
Richelle Direny: that's your new number
april carte: Yes, that's always been my number that other number with the five something area code.
april carte: That
april carte: was never my phone number, my phone numbers been to one six for years and years. So I don't know if that got confused with someone else's phone number, but that that's never been mind.
Richelle Direny: Really heard
april carte: I don't even know where that area code is
Richelle Direny: Have you updated. Okay, so today we are
Richelle Direny: today. Today's session is more
Richelle Direny: About, you know, getting it's just basically question and answers about you know your history just kind of getting up to date. Just kind of
Richelle Direny: Going through history, getting a better understanding
Richelle Direny: Determining how often I know you come to group weekly, and I know, for the most part, if you it with weekly consistent attendance to group.
Richelle Direny: And we noticed like even going into the second month, like a month or two of you being consistent with group you're an active participant whatever we have our sessions were meeting and what have you. I know, then they move it over to you meeting, um, you know, every other week for groups.
Richelle Direny: And then then moving over to a month.
Richelle Direny: But we just have to see that consistency first. Okay. And even with scheduling on individual sessions after we're finished with the
Richelle Direny: Termination
Richelle Direny: OK.
OK.
Richelle Direny: OK, so if you could just tell me when I'm. When did you like how did you hear about Brian oh well before I go through let you pretty much know about the check in process did and I love it, you to check in very early, because I did see when you checked in.
Richelle Direny: Very early just to make sure I know that they, they say, you know, to check in really early. It's kind of hit or miss. Sometimes you check in and you're there like early and other times. I'm your, you know, it's
Richelle Direny: taking forever to get in.
april carte: Yeah, I tried to check in. As early as I can. That way I'm in. And when I'm supposed to be, because I know it takes a while. And, um,
april carte: You know they have other things going on, you know, there's like a million patients. So I tried to check in a little early. That way I can make my appointment on time.
Richelle Direny: Okay, give me your number again to I'm going to send you a message, while we're on. So if in the future that you need to send me a message you send me a message for to the number that I'm sending you right now.
Richelle Direny: Because the other one is through Carol, and I don't get those messages unless I'm in carrier and I go into carrier that often.
Richelle Direny: So what does one fix
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. See 9080012
april carte: Easy number
april carte: You can send messages through your computer like that.
Richelle Direny: How many of you got this message, the one I just a regular Phone message is a text message. Though the one the through the karaoke app that they have the computer. Yeah, I can send messages.
april carte: I got it says hi April.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that if you ever have any questions, anything like that you need. You say, hey, we're show. You know what this is going on. I'm not going to be able to make it a group send a message to that. No, no.
Okay.
april carte: I'm going to write it down as well.
april carte: That way, because sometimes my kids like to delete things out of my phone. So I'm going to write it down to I got it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. So, um, you know, yeah. So you already know about the check in process everything you know our sessions are always recorded sessions.
Richelle Direny: And we meet weekly. So you have the option like even on this Thursday, you have the option to me that either noon or six o'clock, um, you also
Richelle Direny: Um, let's see if you're unable to meet on Thursday, for whatever reason, like I said, as long as you're not making it, you know, which will have it. I would say just give me just let me know. And then, you know, I'll just let I'm
Richelle Direny: Natalie know
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, but if I noticed, like, you know, the consistency. Then, you know, then the, the, the medication will get bridged or however they decided to handle it. Um, and, you know, anything that is said over you know it's a recorded session. It is confidential.
Richelle Direny: However, you know, if you say anything or mentioned anything that seems to be a threat to yourself for authors or anything like that, you know,
Richelle Direny: Confidentiality kind of goes out the door at that point. Got it.
Richelle Direny: Got it. Alright. So in any case,
Richelle Direny: How did you hear about bring her
april carte: A friend of mine.
april carte: His name's Paul
april carte: Mm hmm. And he told me about it because
april carte: I asked him what because I already knew that he was in a program
april carte: And I asked him about it. And he's like, it's a really good program. You don't have to go to the doctor, you know, everything's through video chat, it's confidential. They have counselors, so I got the phone number from him and then contacted her
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
april carte: Baby. Yeah.
Now,
Richelle Direny: HOW LONG LIKE IF JUST GIVE ME A look a little bit history about when you, you know, kind of, when you started. What was your drug of choice. Like, when did the
april carte: Well, I was
april carte: Percocet and it's actually been about
april carte: Well I dabbled with them a little as a teenager, but it never got to the point of an addiction, but about two years ago, I started taking them more often.
april carte: And then eventually every day because I was a waitress. I was making money every day I was helping with my back pain leg pain. You know, I was on my feet 1314 hours a night.
april carte: So I started taking them more consistently.
april carte: And, you know, eventually I had to have them. I had became you know addicted.
april carte: So that's when I started
april carte: You know, seeking them on everyday basis.
Richelle Direny: And you said it was about. It started off with back pain.
april carte: Yes.
april carte: And how
april carte: Are you I'm
april carte: 30
april carte: So,
april carte: It was
Richelle Direny: Kind of an exposure to any drug or anything like that started at the age of 30
april carte: No no no no no I dabbled with the pain pills. The Percocet. When I was a teenager, you know, on and off. But it was never an everyday thing.
april carte: And so it got
About 30
Richelle Direny: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's all I can say that addiction started
april carte: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now, and so, no.
Richelle Direny: Dependency to alcohol or anything outside of the the pills.
Man.
Richelle Direny: Have you ever
Richelle Direny: Heard, have you ever been into treatment outside of Bihar.
No.
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: So this is your first time ever, attempting to say, you know, like you say to yourself, Okay, I kind of need to
Richelle Direny: You need to address the addiction to the end. What made you come to that place where
Richelle Direny: You said that
Richelle Direny: You know what I need to address this.
Richelle Direny: I need to work.
april carte: On because like I said before, I was, you know, doing them on and off. I could stop at any time.
april carte: This time I couldn't just stop.
april carte: I had to have if I did not have it. I was sick. I couldn't go to work. I couldn't get out the bed. So that's what I said. I have a problem. And unfortunately, it took me a good. I'd say six more months until I sought out help for the problem. So I been knew that I've had a problem.
april carte: You know, I just didn't get help until later on down the line.
april carte: Because I didn't want to. You have to want to win. I didn't want you
Richelle Direny: And that's what I was asking like, what was that turning point. What was that moment where you're like, Okay.
Richelle Direny: Like, I really like what happened. Okay, made it
april carte: To be honest, um, the money part was never an issue. I always had my money form and money for everything else. And when it came to the point where I was spending more money on those as opposed to things that me and my family needed
april carte: Then I said, You know what, this has got to change. I'm tired of waking up sick for one tired of spending, you know, half most of my money on them. I'm tired of being dependent on something, you know, I didn't want. I didn't want to do it anymore. You know, it just
april carte: Literally, one day I woke up and said, I don't want to do this anymore.
april carte: And I'm sure there was more leading up to that point. But honestly I just I got tired of it.
april carte: I had tired of having to depend on him. I got tired of spending my money on it. I got tired of being addicted and I wanted to change. At that point, I actually wanted to. And I think that's
april carte: You have to want to, you have to
Very true.
Richelle Direny: Any, any journey starts with you wanting to start the
Richelle Direny: Journey. You don't look like a
Richelle Direny: Good idea. You have to want to
april carte: You have to be and I wanted to show
april carte: So that's when I talked to, you know, my friend.
april carte: And he gave me the phone number. And that's what I started mom.
april carte: So that's when I started
april carte: And I'm happy that I did.
april carte: You know, I'm very happy. I feel like
april carte: You know I'm in control. Now,
april carte: I feel like I'm not controlled by the addiction anymore. And that's exactly what I wanted to not be controlled by it.
Richelle Direny: In
Richelle Direny: Yes.
So,
Richelle Direny: Let's see, do you have any
Richelle Direny: Like underlining medical issues or conditions.
april carte: Um, I do have a panic disorder.
april carte: That I take medication for every day I been on medication since 2008
april carte: I take Zola and use prone
april carte: And I've been out and about 12 years so
april carte: Other than that now.
Richelle Direny: When did you. How old were you when you got diagnosed with a penny.
april carte: 21
april carte: I believe, let me think.
april carte: Yeah, I was 20 or 21. It was around there.
april carte: I had been having panic attacks, since I was an early teenager, I think that had a lot to do with me, seeking out like pain pills, you know,
april carte: Um, but I didn't know what it was, and nobody around me knew what it was, you know, like I will go to the doctor and they would just tell me you know basically there's nothing wrong with you.
april carte: So I just thought I was praising
april carte: And sadly, but that happens to a lot of people
april carte: But since I've been on the Zoloft, I only had
april carte: One um episode where I had to be back in the hospital. So it's been working for me for years and years. So
Richelle Direny: Do you have em. What's your highest
Richelle Direny: educational level.
april carte: I did some college I did graduate and I did a year of college, but I didn't graduate college
Richelle Direny: Okay, what were you studying
april carte: While I was an English major.
Richelle Direny: And what do you want to be a teacher.
Yes.
april carte: How was honors English all through high school. So, um, it was something I was good at it was something I wanted to pursue so
april carte: But I'm
april carte: Circumstances.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Have you had any outside counseling.
april carte: Yes, I have. Actually, I'm
april carte: Like I said when I was diagnosed with a panic disorder. I was seeing a counselor every week and then I'm
april carte: A. I guess I kind of graduated from that.
april carte: You know they felt that, you know, the medication was doing its job and
april carte: You know, I was fine to do like outpatient
april carte: Mm hmm. And then I'd stopped seeing a counselor altogether and just stuck with my medication.
Richelle Direny: And how long ago was that
Um,
april carte: I'd say about seven years ago.
april carte: It's been a long time.
Richelle Direny: Since you've seen an individual counselor.
april carte: Yes.
Richelle Direny: But haven't had any kind of panic attacks. No.
No.
april carte: No.
Richelle Direny: Any pending legal issue.
No.
april carte: Never been to jail, never been in trouble. That's the link that
Richelle Direny: And no, and now with the panic disorder that will fall more under his psyche history. That's the only thing that you are ever diagnosis with this radical disorder.
april carte: Um, when I was pregnant. I had gestational diabetes.
april carte: But
Medical
april carte: Yeah well psychiatrically that was all. I was diagnosed with a panic disorder health wise. It was only the gestational diabetes and that went away after I had my kids. So I'm I'm pretty much healthy
Richelle Direny: Okay, you only have the one child.
april carte: I have to. I have a six year old and a two year old.
Richelle Direny: Boy.
And girl or two boys.
Richelle Direny: So you have any history of suicide suicidal thoughts active or former
april carte: No self entry behavior anything
april carte: No, not at all.
Richelle Direny: Okay, are you, are you married, divorced
april carte: Single I'm single.
And
Richelle Direny: And the Father. The Father is involved.
april carte: Yes, what the kids. Yes, yes.
april carte: Me and him are just not together.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of family history. Is there any family history or I'm
april carte: Sorry.
Richelle Direny: Cycle psychiatric family like um I mean mental illness.
Richelle Direny: Your family.
april carte: Depression.
april carte: And anxiety.
april carte: I know that I'm
april carte: A few people in my family, but nothing, nothing like hardcore like schizophrenia or nothing like that, nothing like that. Yeah, I didn't know I couldn't think of another.
Richelle Direny: When you think about it, they hope they're going hardcore because a person was in
Richelle Direny: deep depression is probably worse than a person who was just hearing voices.
april carte: You're absolutely right. It can be dangerous.
Richelle Direny: All of them are
april carte: Just nothing like major like that.
Occur.
Richelle Direny: And now what about substance abuse.
april carte: That runs in my dad side of the family a lot mainly of alcohol, though.
Richelle Direny: I come over here.
april carte: Yeah, I'm
april carte: My
april carte: I have sisters and brothers that are by my dad, not my mom.
Richelle Direny: Are you only buy your mind.
april carte: No, I have a brother, it's me, my younger brother and older sister, sister, by my mother.
april carte: My dad first marriage I have older siblings.
april carte: And
april carte: There was five of them. And I would say all five of them have struggled very hard with alcohol addiction.
Richelle Direny: And left the all your brothers and your dad. Fine.
april carte: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Did you
Richelle Direny: Did you didn't work with your dad or you just grew up with.
april carte: No I did not.
april carte: Grow up with my dad or my dad's other children. I mean, I grew up seeing them and knowing them, but not in the same household
april carte: Like I said, they're they're 20 years older than me.
april carte: 1520 years. Yeah, yeah, much older.
april carte: Than my mother. Yes. My dad was 20 years older than my mom so
april carte: from his first marriage I have older siblings.
Richelle Direny: Are you the baby of the family or
april carte: I'm the youngest girl. My brother is the youngest boy.
april carte: My little brother. Yeah.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: And you said not now just it was just your brothers on your father's side that have an addiction to alcohol.
Richelle Direny: And what about your sisters, they don't have any
april carte: One. No, no.
april carte: One of them smokes weed.
april carte: But, um, other than that, no.
Richelle Direny: And none of none in your family. You don't have any history of suicide overdoses.
Richelle Direny: Vacation.
april carte: Alcohol.
april carte: Yes.
april carte: But not suicide or overdose.
Richelle Direny: Now, in total, how many brothers and sisters, you have
april carte: Seven.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, and they're all still alive.
april carte: No, I'm
april carte: There are out of the five older siblings.
april carte: Only two of those are still living.
april carte: So,
Richelle Direny: There's three
april carte: Car
april carte: Here's what's out
Richelle Direny: Three. So there's a total of eight children only three of your siblings have passed away.
april carte: Yes, three in the past. Yes.
april carte: One. Well, actually, two of them from cancer.
april carte: And the other one from a car accident.
april carte: Did to that died from cancer or in their 50s.
april carte: And then the one that got in the car accident was in his 40s when he died.
Richelle Direny: And you're, you're pretty close to your family.
april carte: Oh yes, I have a very tight knit family. Yes.
april carte: Yes, me and my siblings are very close. And I'm very close with my mother.
Richelle Direny: And what about your dad.
april carte: My dad's dad, my dad's been dead for a long time.
april carte: Since I was eight.
Richelle Direny: And he died of natural causes or
april carte: A heart attack.
Richelle Direny: You and you are you currently working
april carte: No, because of the virus.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you got laid off or yeah
april carte: Yeah.
april carte: So I haven't worked in like two weeks.
april carte: But I do usually have a job and I've been in my job for a long time.
Richelle Direny: What were you working with one of the factories.
april carte: Yeah, um,
april carte: It's called HTC companies. We make flower pots.
april carte: And it's an Amish. It's like an Amish town.
april carte: It's like, um,
april carte: It's about 45 minutes from where I live.
Richelle Direny: There are some states that there. They have a big
Community.
april carte: Here in Ohio. We have a lot of those
Richelle Direny: Amish community. They are very I'm
Richelle Direny: Kind of like what we would have here in Florida, like the Indians.
Richelle Direny: On their own like reservation type of thing.
Richelle Direny: And I don't really
Richelle Direny: Interact or mingle with
april carte: The actual residential areas are pretty isolated. But as far as the factories and stuff, a lot of Amish people don't have regular jobs. So they recruit from outside cities to work the factories and stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: So that's a temp agency and they hired me full time.
Richelle Direny: Of the Amish people don't really work right.
april carte: Exactly. So any type of companies or factories, they have, they need like outside people to come and work.
Richelle Direny: Also you work for ARM ish a person who owns a
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay. They don't try right
april carte: They have like horse and buggies
april carte: It's really cool. Yes. Really cool.
april carte: They don't have any electricity, um,
april carte: But the women they you know they have lots of babies and they stay at home and they live off the land. It's like
Richelle Direny: Hold on. One moment. Okay, no.
Richelle Direny: I'm kind of multitasking. No, you're fine. You're fine.
Um,
Richelle Direny: So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: What it is, were you born and raised in Ohio.
Yes.
april carte: Um, when I was 15
april carte: I lived in South Carolina with my grandmother for a year.
april carte: I came back home.
april carte: And then in 2008 when I started with the panic attacks and everything.
april carte: I'm living moved back down there to kind of, you know, get myself together peace of mind and stuff. I lived down there for six years. And then I came back here.
april carte: I love it down.
Richelle Direny: And where was that you said
april carte: South Carolina Myrtle Beach.
Richelle Direny: Oh, oh, every time I hear another new channel for
Richelle Direny: Whatever reason I keep thinking of somewhere in Florida, but if
april carte: Everybody does because it's like, well, Tampa be Daytona Beach. That's all.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah, every time I hear it, and I'm like someone tell me. No, it's not in Florida, and after that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah I'm
Richelle Direny: With you. Now in being a part of our program going to the groups like what, what, what is your goal, like
Richelle Direny: What would you like to accomplish. Like, what would you, is it that you would like to work on.
april carte: The main thing that I want to work on is
april carte: Feeling
april carte: Feeling good.
april carte: Without the use of medication like right now I'm on the Suboxone
april carte: And I know I'm going to be out in for a while. Um, so my event eventual goal is going to be to not have to
april carte: To take something every day in order to feel
Richelle Direny: Now when you say feel normal. What is your definition or not in terms of
april carte: Um, peace of mind not waking up in pain.
april carte: I'm not having the racing thoughts and the, you know, if I don't have this drug or this medication, you know, I'm going to be sick.
april carte: I don't want that feeling.
april carte: You know that
april carte: You know racing.
Richelle Direny: You're racing fans are all associated with your
Richelle Direny: The fear is in in a
Richelle Direny: immense amount of pain.
april carte: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of, I mean, and a lot of that is
Richelle Direny: Some to some degree can be psychological but have in terms of like medical. Have you ever because it's a sudden, you know, with any medication. And I don't know if you were
Richelle Direny: A part of the I kind of use the example of
Richelle Direny: You know having a bad headache do
Richelle Direny: Hydration
Richelle Direny: What you often
Richelle Direny: Do
april carte: Is that you try to
treat the symptom.
Richelle Direny: That the headache.
april carte: I mean,
Richelle Direny: Hydration you treat the symptoms and how you treat it is I have a headache I take something on my head.
Richelle Direny: And you end up with a headache goes away, but you have not addressed here. That was the source of the headache. So this case.
Richelle Direny: For you.
Richelle Direny: What do you
Richelle Direny: Have you ever really went into testing to find out what the
Richelle Direny: Source outside of
Richelle Direny: The back pain. Like, what is your back pain.
april carte: Is I added
april carte: I got that I was on both sides, and I got the epidural.
april carte: When I had my first son it shipped a piece off my spine.
Richelle Direny: Medical standpoint you live.
Your life.
Richelle Direny: Where you will
Richelle Direny: Type of medication.
april carte: For the, for the chip piece off my spine. I actually went to physical therapy for that and sciatica, but they said, I'm always gonna have some degree of pain.
Richelle Direny: And with with me on the Suboxone to be done and
april carte: It helps
april carte: But I still take Tylenol as well.
Richelle Direny: So then
Richelle Direny: So goal would be, I mean, yes, you would want to at some point off of, you know, every medication that's what you're saying. Your goal is, but then for really
Richelle Direny: pinpoint what you're saying. I mean, from a medical standpoint, you're saying that you were told cause of
Richelle Direny: You know the sciatica, and all of the nerve pains or whatever you're having, you're always going to be some degree of pain. So then front of from a medical standpoint, they're saying that that will never go away. So you will always have to
Richelle Direny: Dependent on so so then it is
Richelle Direny: What is it that you can work on
Richelle Direny: From a physical standpoint, holistically.
Richelle Direny: That you can you do to not necessarily completely come off of the medication, but to decrease the amount that you're dependent upon
april carte: Well, I could lose weight.
april carte: There are certain exercises that I could do, of course, I hadn't lost that one pound.
Richelle Direny: Have not lost that one power.
april carte: Lot one. No.
Richelle Direny: I can tell you right now being
Richelle Direny: Important. You might not lose one you might gain five
april carte: That's what I'm saying. Yeah, it's hard for me because I love food. I've always loved food.
april carte: Um, you know, even when I had my addiction. I still never lost any weight because I like to eat.
april carte: Um, so, um, they said if I lost about 80 pounds, which is a lot that it will take a lot of pressure.
april carte: It will take their articles.
Richelle Direny: And so what we can do in our next session because then it's looking at real, okay, I'm a realistic standpoint. What exactly
Richelle Direny: My when you say a lot of it comes from pain. So then, okay, well, the doctor saying that you're always going to be on some pain medication because of this medical underlining medical condition that you have that cannot be
Richelle Direny: You know you can stitch it away, or you can use it away. It's
Richelle Direny: Something that you can only just can learn to cope with.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So then our plan will then be it's
Richelle Direny: Tapping
april carte: Into
Richelle Direny: Your God given the willpower that you have that we somewhat take advantage of or not realize how much willpower. We house. Well, making like
april carte: From
Richelle Direny: A nutrition standpoint, nutritious standpoint, like working through and making goals related to your nutrition your daily activities and maybe this is a goal that
Richelle Direny: We're trying to get
april carte: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I know it's hard.
Richelle Direny: So we'll walk every day for 30 minutes if you can, if it means putting the kids in the stroller go and walking on so those things. So we could get a little bit more in that because then you will realize
april carte: That
Richelle Direny: You know, you think like okay well I don't need counseling and there's something wrong with me in other areas, but then
Richelle Direny: You'll realize, you know, it's hard.
When you think about
Richelle Direny: So my kid just turned up the senior heard the house the vibrating eat.
Richelle Direny: Without
april carte: Natural noisemakers
Richelle Direny: It's, it's
Richelle Direny: You know, thinking about how you know when I think about, I have to get up and walk. I don't feel like walking right now. Or I don't feel like this.
Richelle Direny: And so what's stopping us from doing that. Oh, I want
Richelle Direny: All this for okay let's talk about realistically what are healthier choices retraining our minds retraining ourselves to not reach
Richelle Direny: For driving tasks for King
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's a quick are fixed in comparison to buy. So you're
Richelle Direny: Structuring
Right and refocusing
april carte: Right, that's, that's a big thing I need to work on.
april carte: Because I don't. A lot of times I don't stop.
april carte: And say, you know,
april carte: This isn't a good choice or I should be doing this instead of this, you know, I just do it.
april carte: I want to have you been, I haven't been, you know,
april carte: Stop and think and say April, you don't need that honey.
Richelle Direny: You're sure, don't you know
Richelle Direny: And but but again it's retraining your mind.
april carte: Retraining
Richelle Direny: How you
Thought about
Richelle Direny: And the reality is when you go grocery shopping. What's the cheapest
Guess.
april carte: The junk food.
Richelle Direny: Healthy or
Richelle Direny: unhealthy food is the cheapest to get it easiest
Richelle Direny: Easier to access it.
Richelle Direny: Now, when you think about, um,
Richelle Direny: What comes more in abundance. It's cheaper the junk food more abundance. It's the junk food and what is when we acquired a taste for what do we solve it. I have never heard somebody talk about this salivating for some broccoli. And carrots.
Richelle Direny: Exactly, exactly. So
Richelle Direny: This season fries and this chicken.
Richelle Direny: Salad or things
Richelle Direny: Because it's tasty and all of these different things. So it's working towards. Okay, I need to restructure my much, you know, take a page out of luck.
april carte: Man.
Richelle Direny: When you think about them. They're living off of the fat of the land. So you have to use simple and you have to get used to the fat of the land, the fat of the land is not now the minute
Richelle Direny: They talk about some chocolates and
Richelle Direny: Took Snickers.
Exactly.
Richelle Direny: The receipt
Richelle Direny: Once they start
Richelle Direny: Doing that. So,
Richelle Direny: Now you know we all be dying.
Richelle Direny: Of overweight.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: You could pick that stuff off of a tree, but if you live off of the fattest and so
Richelle Direny: It's just how you
Richelle Direny: Think and restructuring, not just just about you doing that. It's making everybody doing it because now we all need to join together to get healthier and so just learning how to
Richelle Direny: Just regain control.
Richelle Direny: Of how you live today more energy, like what is your outlook. What is your goal. What is your long term goal to be healthier and just feeling
april carte: Like you said, if they tell you to lose a certain amount
Richelle Direny: Of weight your self esteem. It's a self esteem booster. It's an
Richelle Direny: Energy booster.
Richelle Direny: It's just everything it boosts is everything and then
Richelle Direny: Find that. Okay, well maybe I may not have to take as much, maybe instead of
Richelle Direny: Two times three times a day. I'm taking Suboxone now I've dropped down to once a day.
Richelle Direny: And once you've gotten to your ideal weight your ideal health, everything is kind of
Richelle Direny: On track then now you're you're living on one Suboxone the day before you know it. Oh, I forgot to take my Suboxone today it because that you just feel so much better. So that's, that's definitely something people
Richelle Direny: Let's, let's schedule you for
Richelle Direny: I go the 28th at five o'clock.
april carte: April 28 at five o'clock.
april carte: I'd be fine.
april carte: Let me write it down so I don't forget. She's my baby. Let me get my pen.
april carte: I'm going to set up your house in a second when I get done.
april carte: That house they made last night.
april carte: Was that peerages
april carte: Okay, so, April 28 at five o'clock right
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're all set. So I'll see you are you. What time are you coming to
april carte: 12 or 24 which one
april carte: There is, hey, I usually come up the six o'clock one
april carte: Are you still doing that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's going to be ongoing.
april carte: Okay, good, good, good. That's easier for me.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then.
Richelle Direny: So I'll see you on Thursday at six. Okay.
april carte: Okay. Sounds good.
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good one for you.
april carte: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Bye bye.